hey guys welcome back to pinching
pennies with Priscilla and believe me
you guys it has this is like my fourth
time trying to do this video in 10
minutes on my cell phone let me try it
once again but I'm trying to get this
information to you guys this particular
transaction I want to show you guys
because there's some quirks that you
definitely want to get in on with the
QRS now as far as the QRS our concern I
know I got many questions regarding and
personal messages comments things like
that you guys please if you have not
already check out the videos that are
already uploaded especially last week
going through all the QR stuff check
those videos out first before sending me
messages with questions more than likely
the answers are in those videos
including where to find the QR list okay
those people have sent me messages
already or left comments with questions
I'll get to those tonight now let me get
to this before it runs out of time again
now I told you guys about this quirk or
a couple of quirks ace products now
people keep asking me I don't see at HQ
are where is that I don't have it the
ACE QR is labeled for toro so as long as
you have three four toro qrs on your
list those are the three you want to
load now deal with this is those QRS
work on not only the ACE products but
the futur products as well as the next
care products now here's a little quirk
with that you're going to load your 34
Toro QRS but you have to buy three
products because that QR works with a
one on one ratio so you have to buy
three products to go with the three QRS
and your products after your discounts
have to total at least fifteen dollars
the amount of the three QRS so that's
one of the little quirks with this one
three products at least fifteen dollars
now the other little kicker with this
one is we have a little tag along coupon
that seems to attach itself to these
products when you're purchasing these
products this other QR seems to come off
no reason whatsoever it just does I've
checked it confirmed it and it works so
load your 34 toros get your three
products tolling at least fifteen
dollars at the discounts also make sure
you
lo the arm and hammer QR it is only one
arm and hammer QR on their load that one
is for two dollars and you're going to
get not only the three for this but
you're going to get two dollars for the
arm and hammer don't ask me why you guys
I don't know but it works so you're
going to get a total of seventeen
dollars for those now to deal with the
Loreal you're going to load five of the
Loreal QRS and I'm going to tell you
which ones the load in the description
box but load all five of those two
dollar QRS by only three of the nail
polishes and all five of the Teutonic
urs will come off don't ask me why
people just do it low five by three and
all five will come off there's no little
quirk with the Maybelline low for of the
Maybelline to dark urs those were
perfectly fine covergirl I'm working on
covergirl deal you have to do it one at
a time because there's only one QR so
I'm still working on that so that works
perfectly fine there's a little quirk
with the Gillette now on job when and
why I got Gillette is because something
happened yesterday on Friday they did
something in the system and it released
my Gillette QRS for two separate cars
and so I was able to do the Gillette
deal finally now there are two different
promotions going on but you let the one
is you by the razor either the proglide
fusion or the gillette fusion for 999
you get a four dollar plus up that's the
first promotion the second promotion is
the Gillette by 30 get ten dollar plus
up so what I've been doing is I've been
doing buying the set but working on two
promotions at one time so this one is
going to work on the razor deal by
itself but because i'm using the buy one
get one gillette coupon i'm getting that
one free getting a four dollar plus up
for that but then a Gillette cartridge
get them get in with that coupon this is
going towards the thirty dollar deal so
you're going to pay for the cartridge
but it's going to go towards that thirty
dollar deals so that's how I've been
doing in a pair that way
and so I knew today by buying all this
together i was going to get a couple of
different plus ups that i've been
working on for the last couple of days
so I i want to show you guys my receipt
and show you guys that the QRS that I
told you what come off definitely came
off I bought all of these in one
transaction and so I'm going to show you
how they came off okay all right so I
loaded 52 dollar QRS for the Loreal so
let's count them out one two three four
five that's for the Loreal I load it two
of the gillette five dollar arm QRS
which is only two they have those two
are right there let me get a little
closer alright so I got the two five
dollar ones for the Gillette I got the
loaded for two dollar QRS for the
Maybelline one two three four I loaded
three five dollar QRS for the ace
products the futur oq RS 123 and there
is that little two dollars straggler
that's the arm and hammer ones that I
told you comes off when you buy the ACE
for toro products so all of my QRS came
off all of the ones that I load it came
off perfectly fine i'm going to list in
the description box the QRS and how many
for each of these separate items that i
bought so you'll know which ones you
need to load but they all came off
including the little tag along to dollar
QR okay so i'm going to show you how
much i ended up and did end up using a
ten dollar plus up on this transaction
and that's because i have no Nature Made
QRS you guys so I don't get any overage
from anything so I got a subtotal of a
dollar in 70 taxes 173 so I paid 343
after taxes I put most of it or some of
it what I put 71 cent of it on the gift
card that i had and i put the rest of it
on my
own mastercard 272 not bad 2072 cents
out of pocket and these are the plus ups
that I got for this one because I've
been working on all of these deals I got
the one for the ACE for toro deal I knew
that was coming up I got the last one
for the razor as you can see it tells
you that I've reached my maximum so this
is my second time getting them four
dollars for the razor cause it's a two
minimum on that it tells me I've done my
maximum for the nail extravaganza so I
got that again and it tells me that I've
done my last one for the Maybelline on
this card as well so that's three
dollars for that because I think there's
a max of two one I think there's a max
of two on all of these and that's why I
got the last one on each of them and now
at the end of the receipt is telling me
that I have twenty nine dollars and
sixty-eight cents toward the thirty
dollar deal that I told you guys i've
been working on so i did end up getting
that tonight it's on a separate receipt
i went and bought one of the shave gels
the gillette shaving gel and i did get
that ten dollar plus up on a separate
receipt okay so that's the deal that I
did tonight those are some of the little
quirks that are going on and i hope this
video is helpful to you guys and any
additional little quirks i find out i
would definitely bring them to your
attention I don't think anything else
yeah I think that was it for tonight you
guys so thanks for watching everyone and
i'll see you guys in the next video
happy shopping happy savings five